[Messenger] Add WrappedExceptionsInterface for nested exceptions (#51653)
symfony/symfony: UPGRADE-6.4.md

---------

 * Deprecate `StopWorkerOnSignalsListener` in favor of using the `SignalableCommandInterface`

>  * Deprecate `HandlerFailedException::getNestedExceptionOfClass` which is replaced by `HandlerFailedException::getWrappedExceptions`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Deprecate `HandlerFailedException::getNestedExceptions()`, `HandlerFailedException::getNestedExceptionsOfClass()` and  `DelayedMessageHandlingException::getExceptions()` which are replaced by a new `getWrappedExceptions()` method
```
